being political is the best way to
protect your financial interest as an
individual as a family as a community
because it genuinely is I genuinely
believe that I also understand that a
lot of people are struggling financially
and they struggle to have the energy to
act politically and you know if you
don't have anything to give don't give
anything but if you if you have a little
bit of space a little bit of energy you
need to engage with this because you are
under attack your houses are under
attack your living stands are under
attack and the only way to push back is
to be political and and you know I I
come from a poor background and people I
up don't want to be political but the
truth is this is what happens if you're
not political you know there's a fight
going on if you don't fight it you lose